documentation: Add README intro from Moore (#1)
aranya-project/aranya: README.md

Aranya has been designed with an emphasis on security, efficiency, and portability.

> The root cause of cyber in-security is complexity; and yet when we attempt to protect our systems our solution is to add more.

Reviewer: I think the following was intended(?):
```suggestion
The root cause of cyber insecurity is complexity; and yet when we attempt to protect our systems, our solution is to add more.
```

 
Software developers must not expect customers to mitigate defects using external security tools and an endless cycle of patching. Software must become secure by design.
 

> Aranya is our contribution to this effort. It is a batteries-included tool which allows developers to produce software with built in mrico-segmentation. This complete solution covers user onboarding, access management, authentication, and authorization, freeing the developer to focus on the problem they which to solve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aranya is our contribution to this effort. It is a batteries-included tool which allows developers to produce software with built-in micro-segmentation. This complete solution covers access management with user onboarding, authentication and authorization, freeing the developer to focus on the problem they wish to solve.
```

> For users, software build on Aranya is less complex to operate securely, and is secure regardless of the network it is run on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users, software built on Aranya is less complex to operate securely, and is secure regardless of the network it is run on.
```
